{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red46\green46\blue46;\red255\green255\blue255;\red45\green47\blue48;
\red46\green46\blue46;\red16\green16\blue15;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c23529\c23529\c23529;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c23137\c24314\c24706;
\cssrgb\c23529\c23529\c23529;\cssrgb\c7843\c7843\c7059;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl780\sa600\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs68 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Diy Tech Gloves With Conductive Thread\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 I do not have fancy tech savy gloves. I am just far too cheap to purchase them as I am the type to set things down and walk away.So, even though I don't have fancy tech gloves, I do have this
\f0\fs28 :\cf5 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 Gloves With Conductive Thread\
\
1.
\f1\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Conductive thread! It's about the thickness of quilting thread, and has the feel of a thin wire. Here's the cool part, any old gloves will do. I have a pair of neoprene gloves that I added conductive thread too that now work fabulously with my phone.\
\
2.Go back and forth with the thread creating parallel lines close together.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Knit gloves are hard to make straight lines. It's all good. Just do your best.Try them out and if they aren't working just add a few more stitches. As longs as the thread is touching your finger inside the glove, and touching the screen on your phone, it should work great.\
\
3.I would suggest stitching at least your pointer finger and thumb. You can stitch all the fingers in your glove if you want to.\
Conductive thread only comes in one color. Think about that when purchasing gloves. It also comes in 2 Ply or 4 Ply. I bought 2. 4 is thicker and would work as well.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs68 \cf5 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\

\fs32 \cf6 \cb3 \
}