{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset204 PTSerif-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red37\green37\blue37;\red255\green255\blue255;\red56\green97\blue103;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c19216\c19216\c19216;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c27843\c45490\c47843;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15440\viewh12500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 DIY: NEKO ATSUME CRAFT\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 Guys, I have a confession:\'a0I am obsessed with Neko Atsume.\'a0So obsessed, I want real life Neko Atsume cats: hence, this DIY Neko Atsume craft for felted cats.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Of course, you\'92re probably like, \'93what took you so long?\'94\
See, I knew about it in early 2015. You don\'92t get to be a cat lady without hearing about this kind of thing. My sister-in-law was an early fan.\
But between Twitter, Bloglovin\'92, Instagram, and email, I figured the last thing I needed was another distraction on my phone, and I\'92ve never been into phone games like Candy Crush or Farmville or whatever.\'a0I was content to live with my real life cats, even though they wake me up waaaay to early in the morning and can\'92t clean up after themselves.\
Then, something extraordinary happened.\
I found myself without a book and with way too much time on my hands.\
We went to\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://librarianstyle.com/2016/03/08/a-future-to-believe-in/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 hear Bernie Sanders speak,}}\'a0and they advised us not to bring in purses or bags. Which meant I had no water bottle or book.\
Next time, I\'92ll take my chances with the Secret Service.\
But, at least I had my phone. Because we waited for five hours. And I ended up caving and downloading Neko Atsume.\
The rest is history. Mister BS ended up getting it too, and we are actually\'a0
\i competitive
\i0 \'a0about it. We\'92ve been racing to see who could get the rare cats first. Mister BS looked up tips on the Internet.\
Basically, we\'92re ridiculous. ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/18/magazine/why-am-i-obsessed-with-a-cellphone-game-about-collecting-cats.html?_r=0"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 At least we\'92re not alone}}).\
We\'92re so nerdy, we spent last Saturday night crafting felt finger puppets and magnets.\
Now, you can too. Here\'92s how you can make this Neko Atsume craft.\
\
Step 1\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa340\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Here\'92s what you need:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\sa140\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.amazon.com/The-Felt-Store-ACRYLIC-SAMPLE/dp/B008QWK3VK/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&qid=1460602320&sr=8-9&keywords=felt+sheets&linkCode=ll1&tag=wrappeupinboo-20&linkId=8812b8574f8a25eefc3f4f1a2cfc33b3"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 felt}}\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'a0(white, black, two shades of grey, red, warm yellow, two shades of brown)\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 fabric scissors ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.amazon.com/Fiskars-Softouch-Scissors-1-75-Inch-99217097/dp/B00007M9MM/ref=as_li_ss_tl?s=office-products&ie=UTF8&qid=1460602004&sr=1-7&keywords=fiskar+spring+scissors&linkCode=ll1&tag=wrappeupinboo-20&linkId=eb456d4824f6c32798df3afe9bb5eaf8"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 I love this pair from Fiskars}}!)\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 fabric glue ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.amazon.com/Aleenes-fabric-Permanent-Adhesive-4-Ounce/dp/B00KD6ZHD6/ref=as_li_ss_tl?s=office-products&ie=UTF8&qid=1460602144&sr=1-1&keywords=quick+dry+fabric+glue&linkCode=ll1&tag=wrappeupinboo-20&linkId=90ce440e60c7a98129cb52b631a55f37"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 quick dry}})\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 needle\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 embroidery floss (black, white, grey, etc)\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 magnets and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.amazon.com/E6000%C2%AE-Craft-Adhesive-3-7-oz/dp/B007TSYNG8/ref=as_li_ss_tl?s=office-products&ie=UTF8&qid=1460602279&sr=1-1&keywords=e6000&linkCode=ll1&tag=wrappeupinboo-20&linkId=61470fa8081058be37fdb86e88283ab5"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 E6000 glue}}\'a0(if making magnets, can also just make finger puppets)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Step 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Print off screenshots of the cat in the size and pose that you want to recreate.\
\
Step 3\
Trace the basic shape on a piece of cardstock. This will be the base of your cat. Then, cut a piece of felt in the shape using your pattern.\
\
Step 4\
Make a second cardstock pattern, but this time cut it into the individual pieces that will be different colors or layers.\
\
Step 5\
Then cut out your individual layers, and any details you want to add.\'a0Get them all organized.\
\
Step 6\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 See what you want your final placing to be, then start gluing!\
\
Step 7\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 After you\'92ve secured all your layers, stitch a french knot for eyes if you want them to appear open, or lines if their expression has closed eyes. Add a little nose and a mouse and stitch any lines to delineate their legs or tail.\
If you want to make a finger puppet, cut another base and make loop stitches along the sides, leaving the bottom open. The grey kitty, Shadow, is a finger puppet, and the others are cute magnets for my desk at work. I simply used E600 glue to affix a magnet to the back.\
And there you have it: your Neko Atsume craft. I will definitely be looking into making some more Neko Atsume inspired crafts in the future. Maybe some cardboard painted cafe? Or could I possibly make a cat pancake for my cats to crawl into? We shall see.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://librarianstyle.com/2016/04/15/neko-atsume-kitty-collector-felt-craft/"}}{\fldrslt http://librarianstyle.com/2016/04/15/neko-atsume-kitty-collector-felt-craft/}}}