{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;
\red52\green52\blue52;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c26667\c26667\c26667;
\cssrgb\c26667\c26667\c26667;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl880\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs80 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Diy: Geometric Paper Wall Art\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 You walk into Pottery Barn looking for something to hang on your wall. You browse through the store falling in love with pillows, desks, dining room sets, and then you turn the corner. You see the art piece you\'92ve always wanted, one you immediately fall for. You run to the sculpture/painting/photograph and admire, jaw dropped.\
When of all of a sudden, you see $399.00.\
You walk out of the store with slumped shoulders, your head is down \'85 basically you look like Charlie Brown after a \'91good grief\'92 moment.\
And then after you get some ice cream to cheer your up, you come home, and start searching the internet. You magically find this blog.\
And now you\'92re very thankful.\
And now you feel lucky.\
But you\'92re still wondering why you\'92re feeling that way\'85\
Well, it\'92s because\'a0we\'92re giving\'a0you some immaculate paper wall art that is solely done with \'85\
\
\
Step 1\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf4 I wanted to make sure that my pieces were big enough to make a statement. Make a square with a standard sheet of paper by cutting the longer side to 8 1/2 inches. Don\'92t worry if it\'92s not perfect, you can always cut the uneven sides along the way.\
\
Step 2\
Now we\'92re digging in to the substance of actually making this paper wall art.\'a0Fold the one side in half making it look like the second box. Flip it the other way and fold that part down too. You should have four equal squares by the end of it (like you see in box 4).\
\
Step 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Next, fold the bottom section to the center and then the top section to the center. This should make the flat piece of paper now have 8 different sections.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\qc\partightenfactor0

\b\fs50 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Step 4:
\f0\b0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 The paper should be folded again so that the inside has the two latest folds and the outside is smooth. After that, work with each square box you see. You want to fold one side of the first box to make a triangle. Make sure that the tip of the corner touches the end of the crease. Then make another triangle so that the other corner touches the other end of the crease. Repeat this with the other box. It should end up looking like the fourth picture above \'85 hopefully.\
\
Step 5\
Fold the\'a0triangle on the corner of one end inward. The triangle on the opposite (or diagonal) side should be folded inward too.\
\
Step 6\
Bring the two top corners together. Make sure you\'92re folding\'a0
\b inward
\b0 \'a0like the left\'a0picture above! When you put the two together, they should not end up on top of the triangle as seen in the right\'a0picture.\
\
Step 7\
The three sections\'a0of paper that I have shown in the first picture should go under the folded triangle you made in step 5. You may lift the folded section to tuck in the three pieces if needed.\
\
Step 8\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Pop in the middle crease, put the two newly made triangles together, place it down, and you are done! Well \'85 at least with the first shape. Now just make 26 more to make some JAM approved\'a0paper wall art!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 step 9\cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 But really, you can do whatever you want with these double triangles! Make them smaller if you\'92re looking for a smaller\'a0art piece, make them bigger (with our\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.jampaper.com/PaperCardstock/11x17PaperCardstock"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \strokec6 Tabloid Sized Paper}}) for a bigger one. Or use\'a0a standard sheet and just keep adding and adding and adding to make your own shape!\
	\
}