{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red73\green73\blue73;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c35686\c35686\c35686;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl860\sa576\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Easy DIY Whiteboards | 5 Minute Dry Erase Board\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa624\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 These DIY whiteboards are ridiculously easy. So easy that it makes me think \'93Doh! Why didn\'92t I think of that sooner?!\'94 You can make two or three or even more of them in less than five minutes. And best of all, it couldn\'92t possibly be any cheaper! I bought my frames from the dollar store, and I already had the fancy paper at home, so each whiteboard cost less than $5 when you include the dry erase markers.\
Five minutes and five dollars. That\'92s my kind of project!\
Step 1:\
These are SO SIMPLE. This is all you need:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 One frame from the dollar store (Mine were for 8\uc0\u8243  x 10\u8243  photos)\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 One piece of fancy scrapbook paper\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Dry erase markers\
\ls1\ilvl0\cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 The frames I bought had the stand at the back so you can stand them up on the counter. Or you might want to hang your whiteboard on the wall? Just double check that your frame has the right hardware for how you plan to use it. The ones I bought would be kind of wobbly if I hung them on the wall.\
\
Step 2\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa624\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Remove the back, add in your fancy scrapbooking paper and you\'92re done!\
Step 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf4 The dry erase markers wipe right off the glass in the frame!}